README.md, before:

## Introduction

This is an ASP.NET Core WebAPI project using .NET 8. This project provides a robust and scalable framework for building Web APIs and Micro services

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

- .NET 8 SDK
- Visual Studio 2022 or later

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```
git clone [clone_url]/_git/[your_repo]
```
2. Navigate to the repository directory

```
cd [repository_directory]
```

3. Restore the packages
```
dotnet restore
```
# Build and Test

1. To build the project, navigate to the project directory and run the following command:

```
dotnet build
```

2. To run the tests, use the following command. Path to the test project is needed if you are running the tests from outside the test project directory.

```
 dotnet test .\tests\UnitTests\Rsp.UsersService.UnitTests\ --no-build

 dotnet test .\tests\IntegrationTests\Rsp.UsersService.IntegrationTests\ --no-build
```

3. To run the application, use the following command:

```
dotnet run --project .\src\Startup\Rsp.UsersService\
```

if this project is part of .NET Aspire based development, include this in the .NET Aspire AppHost project
and run the host app.

```
dotnet run --project .\src\AppHost\Rsp.UsersService.AppHost\
```

Commit message:

RSP-2101: Implement Open Source Strategy
- Added LICENSE
- Added CONTRIBUTING.md
- Updated README and moved to docs folder
- Referenced CONTRIBUTING.md and LICENSE in README.
- Referenced Governance Model, Code of Conduct, and Commit Verification Checklist
  in CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

## Introduction

This is an ASP.NET Core WebAPI project using .NET 8. This project provides a robust and scalable framework for building Web APIs and Micro services

# Contributing

For detailed instructions on how to contribute to this project, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) 

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites

- .NET 8 SDK
- Visual Studio 2022 or later

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```
git clone [clone_url]/_git/[your_repo]
```
2. Navigate to the repository directory

```
cd [repository_directory]
```

3. Restore the packages
```
dotnet restore
```
# Build and Test

1. To build the project, navigate to the project directory and run the following command:

```
dotnet build
```

2. To run the tests, use the following command. Path to the test project is needed if you are running the tests from outside the test project directory.

```
 dotnet test .\tests\UnitTests\Rsp.UsersService.UnitTests\ --no-build

 dotnet test .\tests\IntegrationTests\Rsp.UsersService.IntegrationTests\ --no-build
```

3. To run the application, use the following command:

```
dotnet run --project .\src\Startup\Rsp.UsersService\
```

if this project is part of .NET Aspire based development, include this in the .NET Aspire AppHost project
and run the host app.

```
dotnet run --project .\src\AppHost\Rsp.UsersService.AppHost\
```
# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details. Please see [HRA's Licensing Terms](https://dev.azure.com/FutureIRAS/Research%20Systems%20Programme/_wiki/wikis/RSP.wiki/84/Licensing-Information) for more details.
